Various copy edits (#55)
UAVCAN/specification: specification/application_layer/functions.tex

The detailed specification of the time synchronization algorithm is provided in the documentation
for the message type \DSDLReference{uavcan.time.Synchronization}.

> An important service type \DSDLReference{uavcan.time.GetSynchronizationMasterInfo} 

Reviewer: (misconfigured text editor)
```suggestion
An important service type \DSDLReference{uavcan.time.GetSynchronizationMasterInfo}
```

is designed to provide nodes with information about the currently used time system
and related data such as the number of leap seconds.

> % Would be better restated in active voice "\DSDLReference{uavcan.time.GetSynchronizationMasterInfo} is an important service type designed to provide nodes with information about the currently used time system and related data such as the number of leap seconds."

Reviewer: Sure. Can we please incorporate this change here? Also, I see that the original phrase "an important service type" has no semantic weight and should be removed.

Reviewer: > system time

It's supposed to be ["time system"](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Time#Time_conversions), not "system time". As in, an approach to timekeeping.

Reviewer 2: Thanks for the clarification. Just flipping time and system around: 

Use uavcan.time.GetSynchronizationMasterInfo to provide nodes with information about the currently used time system and related data like the number of leap seconds added.

Reviewer: Good. There's one last thing (I suppose I should mention this in the readme): some time ago Scott suggested that we avoid addressing the reader directly for reasons of consistency, so we probably shouldn't use the imperative mood like "use the data type".

Reviewer 2: how about just "uavcan.time.GetSynchronizationMasterInfo provides nodes with information about the currently used time system and related data like the number of leap seconds added." ?

\subsection{Primitive types and physical quantities}

The namespaces \DSDLReference{uavcan.si} and \DSDLReference{uavcan.primitive}
included in the standard data type set are designed to provide a generic and flexible

> method of real-time data exchange; however, these namespaces are not bandwidth-efficient

Reviewer: The properties of bandwidth utilization efficiency and latency are not defined on namespaces or data types contained therein. The new phrasing does not seem correct.

or low-latency.

Generally, applications where the bus bandwidth and latency are important should minimize their reliance
on these generic data types and favor more specialized types instead that are custom-designed for their
particular use cases; e.g., vendor-specific types or application-specific types, either
designed in-house, published by third parties\footnote{As long as the license permits.}, or supplied by
vendors of COTS equipment used in the application.

> Vendors of COTS equipment should always ensure that some minimal functionality is available

Reviewer: This is one of those issues in the original document I've meant to fix in the final pass over the text later. The level of requirement is higher than it should be, can we please fix it here while we're at it?

```suggestion
Vendors of COTS equipment are recommended to ensure that some minimal functionality is available
```

The primitive types are designed to complement the SI namespace with an even simpler set of basic types
that do not make any assumptions about the meaning of the data they describe.
The primitive types provide a very high degree of flexibility, but due to their lack of semantic information,
their use carries the risk of creating suboptimal interfaces that are difficult to use, validate, and scale.

Normally, the use of primitive types should be limited to very basic vendor-neutral interfaces for COTS
equipment and software, debug and diagnostic purposes, and whenever there is a need to exchange data the

> type of which cannot be determined statically. An example of the latter use case is the register protocol

Reviewer: ```suggestion
type of which cannot be determined statically.\footnote{An example of the latter use case is the register protocol
```

> described in section \ref{sec:application_register_interface}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
described in section \ref{sec:application_register_interface}.}
```
